feat(curriculum): Add fCC Authors Page Project to JS Cert (#49655)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/63ff7976f760fe1d0b0fba4a.md

---
id: 63ff7976f760fe1d0b0fba4a
title: Step 8
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-8
---

# --description--

> Now, you will write a function to populate the authors on the UI. You will call this function inside the second `.then()` in the `fetch()` syntax.
> 
> Write an arrow function `displayAuthors` and pass an `authors` parameter into it. This is where you'll do the DOM manipulation to display the authors. Use curly braces inside the arrow function because you'll need more than one expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you'll create a function to populate the UI with the author data. You will call this function inside the second `.then()` method.

Create an empty function named `displayAuthors` that takes `authors` as a parameter. 
```

---
id: 63ff7976f760fe1d0b0fba4a
title: Step 7
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

Now, you will write a function to populate the authors on the UI. You will call this function inside the second `.then()` in the `fetch()` syntax.

> Write an arrow function `displayAuthors` and pass an `authors` parameter into it. This is where we'll do the DOM manipulation to display the authors. Use curly braces inside the arrow function because you'll need more than one expression.

Reviewer 2: We will need to remove all references to first person narrative per the [docs](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/#/how-to-work-on-coding-challenges?id=challenge-descriptionsinstructions) here

> The `authors` parameter represents the authors in the array.

Reviewer 2: Small nitpick, but personally don't think we need this last sentence here

Author: Ok. I removed it. Thank you.
